README.md, before:

# Software Developer Challenge

## Challenge 1: 
Read through the rest of the assignment, decide which technologies to use and explain why you chose what you chose. As a reminder we at Paytm are dealing with millions of concurrent users, just sayin’ :)

## Challenge 2: 
Create a deployable “Hello World” Server exposing simple REST “Hello World” API. It is going to be a base for your application for this assignment.

## Challenge 3:
Pick one of the available online API’s such as Twitter (https://dev.twitter.com/overview/api), LCBO (https://lcboapi.com/) or Weather (https://openweathermap.org/api), create and implement a flow involving that API and user of your application. For example, your application might have following UI:

![Sample UI](./sample-ui.png?raw=true "Sample UI")


User will insert text and click the button `Search` and your application will search tweets that contain submitted string. Note: it is only an example, go wilder than that :)

## Challenge 4:
Make your application secure and personalized by making people to have to sign-up / login. Bonus points, if users will be able to reset their passwords.
Challenge 5:
Make your application persistent. Whatever functionality your application has, after restart, make it possible to view a history of user activity or anything else you deem necessary.

## Challenge 6:
Test your application.

## Challenge 7:
Let us know how we can use it. You could either provide us with a zipped file containing your solution or a link to your Github repository containing one.

## Bonus (optional):
Add an “I’m feeling lucky button” that does a random search, but make sure that same result is not returned twice or that you don’t return a page that the user already viewed. Use the user stored history to do so. Since going through the history can potentially be costly, suggest and optionally implement optimization mechanism to avoid hitting the storage every time.

Commit message:

challenge-1+2: Init with cleanup & challenge 1 answer

README.md, after:

# Software Developer Challenge

## Challenge 1: 
Read through the rest of the assignment, decide which technologies to use and explain why you chose what you chose. As a reminder we at Paytm are dealing with millions of concurrent users, just sayin’ :)

I chose the Play framework as the underlying web framework because of how fluid it is in respect to high traffic. The non-blocking IO aspect of the framework backed by Akka (do I need to say more?) really makes this framework standout in 
comparison to other non-blocking web frameworks (thinking of nodejs, and other java based frameworks that use netty under the hood). I do love nodejs for rapid prototyping, but Scala takes the cake for long-term sustainable projects 
(even if javascript can mimic the functional / type-safety of Scala with immutablejs & typescript). AkkaHttp was also an option, but I'm more comfortable with the Play framework.

## Challenge 2: 
Create a deployable “Hello World” Server exposing simple REST “Hello World” API. It is going to be a base for your application for this assignment.

## Challenge 3:
Pick one of the available online API’s such as Twitter (https://dev.twitter.com/overview/api), LCBO (https://lcboapi.com/) or Weather (https://openweathermap.org/api), create and implement a flow involving that API and user of your application. For example, your application might have following UI:

![Sample UI](./sample-ui.png?raw=true "Sample UI")


User will insert text and click the button `Search` and your application will search tweets that contain submitted string. Note: it is only an example, go wilder than that :)

## Challenge 4:
Make your application secure and personalized by making people to have to sign-up / login. Bonus points, if users will be able to reset their passwords.
Challenge 5:
Make your application persistent. Whatever functionality your application has, after restart, make it possible to view a history of user activity or anything else you deem necessary.

## Challenge 6:
Test your application.

## Challenge 7:
Let us know how we can use it. You could either provide us with a zipped file containing your solution or a link to your Github repository containing one.

## Bonus (optional):
Add an “I’m feeling lucky button” that does a random search, but make sure that same result is not returned twice or that you don’t return a page that the user already viewed. Use the user stored history to do so. Since going through the history can potentially be costly, suggest and optionally implement optimization mechanism to avoid hitting the storage every time.
